docs(v4): update changesets (#3688)
refinedev/refine: .changeset/tidy-actors-grow.md

"@pankod/refine-mui": minor
---

`useDataGrid` return values and properties are updated.

-   `initialCurrent` and `initialPageSize` props are deprecated. Use `pagination` prop instead. To ensure backward compatibility, `initialCurrent` and `initialPageSize` props work as before.

    ```diff
    useDataGrid({
    -    initialCurrent,
    -    initialPageSize,
    +    pagination: {
    +        current,
    +        pageSize,
    +    },
    })
    ```

> -   `hasPagination` prop is deprecated. Use `pagination.mode` instead. To ensure backward compatibility, `hasPagination` prop works as before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `hasPagination` prop is now deprecated. Use `pagination.mode` instead.
-   To ensure backward compatibility, `hasPagination` prop will work as before.
```

"@pankod/refine-mui": minor
---

`useDataGrid` return values and properties are updated.

-   `initialCurrent` and `initialPageSize` props are now deprecated. Use `pagination` prop instead.
-   To ensure backward compatibility, `initialCurrent` and `initialPageSize` props work as before.

    ```diff
    useDataGrid({
    -    initialCurrent,
    -    initialPageSize,
    +    pagination: {
    +        current,
    +        pageSize,
    +    },
    })
    ```

-   `hasPagination` prop is now deprecated. Use `pagination.mode` instead.

> -   To ensure backward compatibility, `hasPagination` prop works as before.

Reviewer: Please, let's review all sentences like this and rephrase them.

Example: -   To ensure backward compatibility, initialCurrentandinitialPageSize props will work as before.
